SINGLETON SCOPE:

  - default scope is always singleton. 
  - the Spring IoC container will create (1) one instance of the 
    object defined by the bean definition if set to singleton
  - to set something as singleton... 
    <bean id = "..." class = "..." scope = "singleton"> in the bean.xml file
  - for stateless beans (singleton, initialized once, state = shared)
  
  In this project, output was successfully:
  		Your Message : I'm object A
		Your Message : I'm object A
		
		<had this output because there was one instance for something getting set 
		(objA), and because there was nothing else being set for the instances, 
		and because it's a singleton type, objA was outputted twice)>
  
 
 PROTOTYPE SCOPE:
  - Spring IoC container creates a new bean instance of object every time 
    a request for it is name. 
  - <bean id = "..." class = "..." scope = "prototype">
  - for stateful beans (carry state[aka instance variables]; created every
    time an object is required )
    
  In this project, output was successfully:
  		Your Message : I'm object A
		Your Message : null
		
		<had this output because objA is requested, so it has the output, but objB
		isn't (there is no setter) so the outcome is null for the second instance>
		
"to force Spring to produce a new bean instance each time one is needed, you should 
declare the bean's scope attribute to be prototype. Similarly, if you want Spring to 
return the same bean instance each time one is needed, you should declare the bean's
scope attribute to be singleton."
		
OTHER SCOPE TYPES: 
	request, This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the 
			 context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
	session, This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the 
			 context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
	global-session, This scopes a bean definition to a global HTTP session. 
			 Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.

(aka we don't have the means or the knowledge to do these other types now)

